Add `Lockable` to Base, to bundle a lock with its resource (#52898)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

Multi-threading changes
-----------------------

> * There is a new struct `Lockable{T, L<:AbstractLock}` that makes it easy to bundle a resource and its lock together.

Reviewer: Reference to this PR?

Author: ```suggestion
* A new exported struct `Lockable{T, L<:AbstractLock}` makes it easy to bundle a resource and its lock together ([#52898]).
```
